add: quic muxer (#271)
libp2p/docs: content/concepts/transports/quic.md

when it has already communicated with a certain server. The client can then send
(encrypted) application data even before the QUIC handshake has finished.

### QUIC native multiplexing

> A single QUIC packet can include multiple frames from one or more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single QUIC packet can carry frames containing stream data from one or more
```

> streams. Since QUIC packets can be decrypted even when they're received out of order, this solves the problem of HOL (head-of-line) blocking: If a packet that contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
streams. Since QUIC packets can be decrypted even when they're received out of order, this solves the problem of HoL (head-of-line) blocking that multiplexers applied on top of a TCP connection suffer from: If a packet that contains
```

Can we link to the HoL explanation we have (do we?) for the other muxers?

Author: linked to the "Key challenges with TCP" section in this document which includes an explanation.

when it has already communicated with a certain server. The client can then send
(encrypted) application data even before the QUIC handshake has finished.

### QUIC native multiplexing

> QUIC interleaves frames from multiple streams into one or more QUIC packets at the
> transport layer. A single QUIC packet can include multiple frames from one or more
> streams. This solves the problem of HOL (head-of-line) blocking: If a packet contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single QUIC packet can include multiple frames from one or more
streams. Since QUIC packets can be decrypted even when they're received out of order, this solves the problem of HOL (head-of-line) blocking: If a packet that contains
```
